---
layout: post
title: "Abbey meets the world... and you"
author: "Abbey Yatsko"
categories: sample
tags: [sample]
image: abbeymeetsworld.jpeg
---

I am an environmentalist. I am a scientist. I am a lover of dogs, homemade baked goods, and running. I am an avid journaler and flosser. Someday I hope to cultivate my own beautiful vegetable garden, and each day I set intention to find new ways to lead a more sustainable, less impactful lifestyle.

Ever since I can remember I have been a child of the outdoors, and I have carried this quality as part of my identity into my 20th year of life. If you were to flip through my old family photo albums, you would be sent back to a time full of hiking escapades throughout Grand Teton National Park and moments frozen standing in awe among the redwoods of California. Hailing from Ithaca, New York, my city carries the reputation of being a community brimming with ‘tree huggers’ and ‘hippies’. Yet, I have fully grown to appreciate the pet names that Ithacans have taken on, and I find true pride in the earth-conscious community that it is. I am so grateful to have been raised in a place and by people who cherish the intrinsic and indescribable value of nature. From cascading gorges to lush deciduous forests, the place I call home is enough of a reason in itself to want to protect the planet. 

I strive to be a person whose passions describe what I study, rather than having what I study define a laundry list of activities that I may pursue with my degree. My background is in the environmental sciences and natural studies — I am currently a senior at Cornell University who is seeking to better understand the biogeochemistry of biotic and abiotic systems alike through the lens of climate change. But most importantly, I like to see myself as a student in a vast, expansive classroom. The classroom is our environment at any given time, from every bit and piece of the atmosphere that is circling and changing above us, right down to the earthworms slithering through the dirt upon which we stand. This enormous system that I find myself dwarfed by astounds me — after all, there is an unfathomable amount to learn from it. Nevertheless, this system is simultaneously facing unprecedented changes that worsen with each sentence of this post that you read, with every passing day, and by each interaction that our species has with nature. This is what we know as climate change.

Solving climate change is no small task. That’s why we have paleoclimatologists studying ice cores to better understand the fluxes of Earth’s past climates, engineers discovering geoengineering methods to integrate into worldwide carbon management plans, and tens of thousands of activists demanding serious, reformative climate policy on behalf of their governments. I know for sure that when it comes to the force of individuals wanting to understand and prove that climate change is a problem  we must act on, we have the bases fully covered. Where we fall short as a global community is in the realm of response, fully understanding the consequences for inaction, and accepting that the responsibility of the climate crisis falls entirely onto our backs. And thus, the solution rests upon our human shoulders.

‘How will this blog solve climate change?’, you may ask yourself. Well, I am not entirely sure. I hope to use this space to create ideas, discussion, and interest in a topic that plays a larger role in my life with each day. It is not guaranteed that we will find the holy grail of climate change solutions along the twists and turns of blog posts, but I dare to try by starting small. To me, perspectives and conversation around lifestyle changes, zero waste habits, and general climate change viewpoints cultivates a mindset where we are open to learn and grow to be kinder to our natural environments. I am eager to continue sharing my environmentally conscious journey, and I hope along the way you may pick up a crumb or two of information that you are excited to manifest within your own life.

abbey
